CNV-58547_2: Release Notes: UI - Bulk Storage Class Migration within a single cluster (#94479)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-19-release-notes.adoc

//CNV-55497 Doc: PVC source support for DataImportCron
* You can now use a PVC as the source of a custom `DataImportCron` in the `dataImportCronTemplates` section of the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR). See xref:../../virt/storage/virt-automatic-bootsource-updates.adoc#virt-automatic-bootsource-updates[Managing automatic boot source updates] for more information.

//CNV-58547 UI - Bulk Storage Class Migration within a single cluster

> * By using the OpenShift Container Platform web console, you can now xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class.adoc#virt-migrating-bulk-vms-different-storage-class-web_virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class[migrate VMs in bulk from one storage class to another storage class].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By using the {product-title} web console, you can now xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class.adoc#virt-migrating-bulk-vms-different-storage-class-web_virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class[migrate VMs in bulk from one storage class to another storage class].
```

> * By using the OpenShift Container Platform web console, you can now xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class.adoc#virt-migrating-bulk-vms-different-storage-class-web_virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class[migrate single-cluster VMs in bulk from one storage class to another storage class].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* By using the OpenShift Container Platform web console, you can now xref:../../virt/managing_vms/virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class.adoc#virt-migrating-bulk-vms-different-storage-class-web_virt-migrating-vms-in-single-cluster-to-different-storage-class[migrate VMs in bulk from one storage class to another storage class].
```
